Supply chain management or SCM,
is the seamless management and integration
of the flow of material or service information
and finances across the entire supply chain
and among all supply chain partners
throughout the life cycle.
It is comprised of the decisions a business
makes about it's supply chain
and to the active management
of the flow of goods and services.
Supply chain leaders must make ongoing decisions
that weigh explicit trade-offs regarding resource allocation
and priorities, setting supply chain targets
and driving changes to behavior and updates to policy.
Effectively managing a supply chain calls for open lines
of communication between all actors
along with formalized roles and responsibilities.
The major activities under supply chain management
include planning and scheduling,
purchasing, inventory control,
storage, distribution, and excessing.
As a result of having proper storage levels of supplies,
it is important to work with your customers (clinicians)
to set appropriate and real usage levels.
It is also important to communicate
with your Prime Vendor to ensure
the supplies can be delivered
to the facility in a timely manner.
Supply chain management works best
when what is needed is delivered and used by the customer.